with today I want to present you one
of my favorite tweets regarding
change the subject of what the battery is
of your iphone just as you are seeing it
at this time at the top
right maybe you see a little bit
boring what is the bar of the
battery and you want to change it
some circumstance this tweet we 're going
to be done with the following application
it's called alkaline line or alkaline such and
how do you see it there
Look it within what is and and and
install once you have it
installed you will come to what they are
the settings of your phone or series or
settings as you want to call
once entering this section in the
part of below we will find what
are the configurations of this
application that we just installed it
we will give a click on this side
regularly by default when you the
Installations is enabled
any change that you make here
left side on top
you always have to give him gray spring
so that in that way obviously the
change take defect
well once I restart my phone
you realize that the battery in the part
top right has changed let's
return to what are the
configurations where we were
I want to show you what some are
other issues regarding this
application if I enter the section of
appearance where he says themes on this side
we could change what is the
same I return to the previous screen
by clicking on the top
left and then in that same
top left I'm going to give
gray spring so the phone
restart and in this way the
issue of what the battery is now a
time the phone turned on as you
you will realize the subject has changed and in
this moment we are presented with the
we just selected now
if I return to the application to the
section where we had to
select a topic regarding the
battery you can tell that nothing
more there are two this is because you must
install the ones you want to
below I'll show you how
install more themes so that of that
choose the one you like the most
good the way to install the themes is
in what would be looking for
these topics below I'm going to
show how to search for one of them and
how to install it and then I'll leave you
a list of names of which are my
favorites so that obviously you
look for threads install by yourself
when we have Syria open if
you come to the bottom right
where it says search or search in the part
from above you know what you can do
searches in this case I will search by
this is called ios5 battery 7 always
When you look, make sure they are themes
for what are the batteries in this
If I found it, I'll give you a click
in the top right I give
install and then on the part
top right I give you confirm
after it was installed we give it
return to Syria and then
we can go back to what they are
the themes of the first application that
we installed that is called al kaline walqa
line and here on the bottom you
you can realize that the theme of the
battery that I look for and install
is already in what is this
section obviously if I the selection and
I return to the previous screen I give
res sprint when you turn on the phone and
we would have applied what is this theme
then that has been the way of how
install the topics below I'll leave
to show my favorite topics so that
look for them and install them
no no no
do not
Hello
to
i
good
do not